[Music]
making a very revenge wait Robin where's
your husband
it tears and the soul where's your
brother but it can also be a weapon he
I'm done with running and I'm sick of
hating how ice making decisions and
whatever course you are charting I
choose you my husband
we need to unite scope on Robert the
Bruce is enough for any man or woman who
would give shelter to him or his ranks
is to be executed without trial
the people are desperate for justice I
serve Robert Bruce join us go free
[Applause]
how fifty men to fight the strongest
this is how he did it
take the Lombok castle by castle
we could fight for God
[Music]
for culturing
funnily
I do not care
so long as you
[Music]